This is another overly long entry in response to a lot of posts I've read on women, confidence and the game in general, especially from TRP. I think there's a lot of confusion about male female dynamics and that sorting them out is one the best things you can do for yourself. Once again, I'm not trying to stereotype, feel free to disagree. I'm just posting what makes sense to me because I find it helpful.

First, who is David Deida? He is, in my opinion, the first sane man to write about male and female relationships in a long time. He is based in Tantra, but has evolved his own schtick. He gives talks on what it means to be authentically masculine, to connect with your purpose, and to release yourself into love.

Basically, he says this: Men and women have completely different functions. Men are designed to have a fundamental purpose, something they were born to do along with a drive to complete that purpose. (He's not saying that women don't have a purpose, only that they relate to theirs differently.) Men relate to their purpose in a generally linear, goal driven fashion, and can obssesively zone in on a single course of action easily. Once they're hooked on a course of action, it's hard to sway them. Their word is their bond, they don't easily trust emotion because it is often too changeable, and they are happiest when they are fulfilling their mission. They are stabilizers and anchors in other words. They provide the ground.

Women are volatile, changeable, social, and feeling based. They are based in awareness of the moment and seek emotional fulfillment through the fullness of intimacy. Their ideas and feelings can shift from moment to moment and they see no problem with doing so. They are like nature: stunningly beautiful and sunny one moment and a raging hellstorm the next. In both aspects (beauty and volatility) they are awe inspiring. They can create life and they can destroy it just as easily. They don't run on logic, they run on moods, and if they don't like something it's your job, as a man, to provide them other options or another direction.

Now of course a woman can have strong masculine traits and a man can have strong feminine ones. Deida insists that this dynamic exists in Queer relationships as well as straight ones. That's not what this is about. It's about outlining the duality, what each dance partner is doing.

So take a guy who says he won't go talk to a girl because she'll laugh at him or challenge him in a provocative way. Well, Deida points out that women do this because IT'S THEIR JOB. Women try to deflate us constantly because they want to see if we are aligned with our unshakeable masculine core. Women are designed to be that sharp little pin prick testing to see if they can pop our balloonlike little egos.

If we know who we are and what our purpose is, however, a woman trying to deflate us is just good fun, and if we give back as good as we get we win their respect. It's nothing personal, it's just the game. (Deida uses the example of a hypothetical kid from a foreign country who plays footbal for the first time. Halfway through he wails "Why is everyone tackling me?!" Because it's the game.)

The game requires skill. It requires cunning and strength and humor. It requires being able to turn the tables of this dynamic of teasing and deflation. If a girl is provoking you, then you can be sure she is flirting with you. Even if she isn't aware she's really doing so. Believe me, if you were scary or disgusting, you wouldn't be talking. When she says "There's a stain on your shirt" at a party, you need to say "I'm collecting one in every color. You want to contribute?" If you look at your shoes or act mortified you've lost. If you get angry than you're just being an asshole.

This is what some red pillers don't understand about the so called Alpha male. The Alpha male isn't a huge knuckle dragging heap of muscle grabbing what he wants. The Alpha male is highly intelligent, adaptable and cunning. He isn't Boagrias. He's Achilles.

So half of dealing with women is being unflappable. There is no such thing as a woman slavishly giving herself over to a man who fits all the checkboxes in a list of criteria. I find that a lot of guys at TRP are like that . "I made sure I fit every criteria in this list. WHY DID SHE SHOOT ME DOWN?" Because she wanted to. Because she is designed to. Also, there are no criteria. There is no list. Or to put it more simply, the only criteria is that she should be unable to shoot you down. That's why I slap my forehead when I read so many posts there. It's not about having a six pack. It's about being unassailable- having that quiet confidence and agility that makes you impossible to beat. For women, shooting you down is fun, and it should be equally fun for you to dodge the bullet.

So why do the women do this? Is it that they're cruel? Well, sometimes women are cruel and you should just avoid them. But really it's about survival. Women are there to keep you on course, make sure you're on your game. That's the beautiful secret of women who test you. They don't want you to fold. They want you to win. They want you to have enough skill and rock solid self confidence that nothing they can do or say can make you crumple in on yourself, or even worse, get angry. They're checking to see if you have enough wits about you to sharpen a stick and bring home an Antelope.

Look at it this way, women don't want to mother you. They don't want to pat you on the head and tell you what a great job you're doing. If you were lucky, you already had a woman in your life that wiped your nose and protected you from monsters. Now you need to be someone who can kill monsters, or at least be able to afford a neighborhood where monsters don't live.

That's why women won't generally compliment men on their skills or their looks, even when they are good looking and skilled (they will amongst themselves, but not to you). The fact that you are competent, dependable and ready to rock n' roll should be a given. The fact that a woman allows you to stick around is actually a huge compliment. Besides, men don't thrive on being praised. Praise is for little boys and narcissists. Men thrive on being useful and effective. They are happiest not when they are being admired, but when they are needed. If you find the one thing in the world that makes you indispensible and become really good at it, a woman will find you and attach herself to you. Because you are finally playing the game.

Women, on the other hand, tend to thrive on praise and admiration (They do equally badly with criticism based on analysis and logic). They don't want to hear a detailed explanation of why you think they aren't giving you the respect you so desperately need. They want to be loved by someone they can respect, and they enjoy the sense of being in the fullness of love. They won't surrender to this feeling, however, if they sense that you are being a petulant and self pitying whiner. They want you to be an anchor so they can release themselves into what they do best, which is bask in the fullness of love. If you don't provide that anchor, they'll find someone who is.

I can't tell you how helpful learning about this dynamic is. It's what alerted me to what porn was doing to my psyche and the way I viewed women. Masturbation is a defacto needy and selfish behavior. Men who are pursuing their mission in life don't have time to procrastinate and shoot airplanes, all the while wondering why women won't talk to them (or in my case, why my wife wasn't chasing me down). Porn cultivates a simultaenous self loathing and fidgitiness along with a sense of petulant entitlement and resentment. All of these are big masculine no-nos.

Porn also perpetuates the weird myth that being muscular or presentable somehow gets you laid. I've known more than a few bodybuilders and sharp dressers who couldn't score. The notion " I got ripped at the gym or spent eight hundred on this jacket so girls should be flinging themselves at me" is the silliest narcisistic bullshit I've ever heard. What ordinary looking guys should be saying is "I'm good at what I do and I'm as good as any man here. I'll go talk to her and take my chances." Women sense that belief in you immediately. Not that women don't admire a six pack and a nice pair of guns. They just don't work if an unflappable man isn't behind them.

So look up David Deida. "The way of the Superior Man." If you can grasp what he's saying, you'll understand why I'm here and totally cutting all self indulgent, whiny, shifty behavior out of my life.

(Source: https://old.reddit.com/r/NoFap/comments/39kwrk/what_ive_learned_from_david_deida - undeleted 2024)

