Throwaway account. Over a 100 times at least. Always in Japan and always at soaplands. I speak fluent Japanese and while I am not Japanese, I can easily pass for one.

While Japan does have laws against prostitution, prostitution is classified as PIV (Penis in Vagina). Anything else is legal, even anal sex. No establishment will ever advertise they do PIV and it is not expected at any establishment except a soapland.

Japan does have several varying levels of sex clubs. Maid cafes, hostess bars, girls bars, and cabarets do not count as sex clubs since that is not what is advertised there.

Foreigners (which is everyone not Japanese) are not usually allowed into most of these establishments, though many openly accept foreigners and others will accept foreigners if your Japanese is good. Typically foreigners who frequent these establishments are Chinese, Singaporeans, Taiwanese, and Koreans. Non-asian foreigners are rare. Nearly every establishment that allows foreigners in will charge a gaijin/foreigner tax. The amount varies from place to place and can be anywhere from like 1000 yen to a whopping extra 20,000+ yen.

Level 1 - Sekukyaba

That's a type of club where you can fondle girls, kiss, and suck on boobs. No touching lady bits however. You pay for a set amount of time and girls swap out every 15 minutes.

Level 2 - Pink Salon

Everything allowed in level 1 and more. Fingering and blowjobs are now on the table. Costs more of course. Same system in that girls swap out every so often.

Level 3 - Fashion Health/Delivery Health

These are massage parlors that allow pretty much everything except PIV. Delivery Health is different in that its outcall escort service. Same rules apply. However some girls may allow you to do PIV for an extra fee once you two are in the room alone. Typically if a girl advertises she offers anal sex, she will do PIV. This isn't a guarantee however.

These start off with a shower, sometimes alone or together and then its to business. The flow of it depends on how long the course is. My friends usually do at least 90 minute to 2 hours because they prefer the GFE experience and intimacy over the quick shot and done.

Level 4 - Soapland

The highest tier and the most expensive. Lower tier soaplands are 25,000 yen or less, Middle class will be between 25-50,000 while luxury shops will range anywhere from 50-100,000+ yen depending on course. A course can range anywhere from 40 minutes to 3-4 hours. The shop I frequent charges me 65,000 yen for 120 minutes, though I've also done their 200 minute course for 100,000+ yen (it even includes delivery lunch). They used to charge me an extra 20,000 yen for a gaijin tax, but they removed it after several visits due to being such a repeat customer. Luxury high end soaplands will charge a foreigner about 75-100,000 yen for 120 minutes.

Soaplands function just like they do in JAV movies. The girls really do soap themselves up and wash your body with their body. The whole lube/lotion on the inflatable mat is a very real thing too and so is the blowjob in the bathtub. If you've ever seen a soapland JAV, you will have a pretty good understanding of how it works. At luxury soaplands with 2 hour long courses, they usually start off with sex so that they can get the first pop out of you. After that, you rest and relax by talking with them or getting drinks brought. After that it proceeds to the washing part, bathtub, and mat play part. After that it can proceed back to the bed. The best girls usually tailor the course to what you want. Soaplands always guarantee full service (that means PIV). Soaplands get around it by having legal permits with the government and a loophole in the law. You're permitted as many shots as you can physically pull off.

I've only ever gone to luxury soaplands, so my experiences have almost always been extremely good. The girls working there are usually in their 19-40 years old. Any woman in her mid to late 30s will certainly look much younger due to being in shape, usually looking like they are in their early 30s or even 20s. Many active and former JAV actresses also work in soaplands, though typically the ones who aren't super popular. If you do enough digging on Japanese forums, you can find their alias and what soapland they are working at. You won't see the top 1% of JAV actresses like Yua Mikami or Saika Kawakita in a soapland; they make more than enough money from other stuff.

Foreigners are virtually never permitted to do raw sex and asking for it will get you into trouble. Some luxury soaplands do NS (no condom) for Japanese people only and they finish inside.

The girls at a luxury soapland usually look pretty close to their photos with some filters and photoshop of course. In many instances, I've noticed that the girls are prettier in person than they are in their photos. The girls of course are always very cute, sexy, and beautiful depending on what you're going for. I've met many girls who are easily on par with JAV actresses or jpop idols.

Service culture is a core part of Japanese culture and soaplands are no different. Most girls I've been with have always been very upbeat, energetic, and sociable. You can typically see their profile pages to get an understanding of their personality. I always go for the bright, flirtatious, and aggressive types. I have done a few really shy, innocent ones and they just aren't my speed.

Since I do speak Japanese, I can always outline with the girl what I like and don't like and the majority of them like that since it takes out all the guess work and they can be more comfortable. Its quite fun and everyone usually has a good time. Its surprising how genuine and honest many of them act. We usually have long conversations about a variety of topics. I'm actually surprised at how much they remember because several of the girls I frequent often remember the conversations in detail I've had with them even when it was months ago.

Many of the girls even manage store blogs to post updates about their day and LINE accounts where they keep in contact with customers. I have one provider who I've seen a lot over the last year and we chat on a regular basis, even when I won't see her for months. While I am very much aware she's partially doing it because she wants to keep me as a repeat customer, she is also genuine in her conversations with me because she likes to pick my brain about all kinds of stuff ranging from finance to travel (I'm at least 10 years older than she is, so she likes to pick my brain for my experience).

For the girls I'm a repeat customer for, they know me by name and how to handle me very well so the GFE experience is insane. I prefer GFE experience myself, but some girls can also high intensity, PSE (porn star experience) style sex too. In my experience, if you tell the what you want, they'll usually overdeliver. They are also very accommodating with their schedule to me as a repeat customer and I can usually reserve any time or day of my choosing months in advance.

In case there's cause of concern. Legitimate luxury soaplands always employ only Japanese women and treat them quite well because it is a very difficult industry to recruit for. A happy girl is one who gets a lot of repeat customers which in turn brings in a lot of repeat business. The shops almost always require the girls to get STD checkups on a monthly basis (paid for by the shop), provide free transportation, and even sometimes free housing. Many shops even provide an alibi service in case family members ask questions into what job they do. They also let them set their own schedules. Some girls work 5-6 days a week while some girls may only work a a few days a month. If I am paying 65,000 then usually 20,000 is for the "bathing" or entrance fee that goes to the shop, while the remainder of it goes to the girl.

I've never sensed, even slightly, that any girls were doing the work against their will or that they didn't like the work. Most of them said they were doing it because it gave them opportunities to socialize with older men and gave them the financial resources to travel or pay for school abroad. Some save up all of their money so they can have a comfortable living after they quit working.

There are a wide range of different soaplands that cater to a variety of different tastes. There are ones with older women for men who like MILFs/experienced women. Some shops only employ married women because some men have that fetish. There are those with young amateur girls who are usually like 18-24 and have little to no experience. Some women at shops also specialize in S&M play. Some shops even cater to men who want to drink from women who are nursing.


(Source: @ElsaTheAasimar https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/17otsjt/people_who_have_paid_for_sex_how_did_it_go/k81t0bq)
(Seealso: https://tokyoadultguide.com)